Add guide for RHEL 8 #3800 (#3976)
mattermost/docs: source/install/install-rhel-8-mattermost.rst

..  _install-rhel-8-mattermost:

Installing Mattermost Server
============================

Install Mattermost Server on a 64-bit machine.

> Assume that the IP address of this server is 10.10.10.2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assume that the IP address of this server is ``10.10.10.2``.
```

**To install Mattermost Server on RHEL 8**

1. Log in to the server that will host Mattermost Server and open a terminal window.

2. Download `the latest version of the Mattermost Server <https://about.mattermost.com/download/>`__. In the following command, replace ``X.X.X`` with the version that you want to download:

  ``wget https://releases.mattermost.com/X.X.X/mattermost-X.X.X-linux-amd64.tar.gz``

3. Extract the Mattermost Server files.

  ``tar -xvzf *.gz``

4. Move the extracted file to the ``/opt`` directory.

  ``sudo mv mattermost /opt``

5. Create the storage directory for files.

  ``sudo mkdir /opt/mattermost/data``

  .. note::
    The storage directory will contain all the files and images that your users post to Mattermost, so you need to make sure that the drive is large enough to hold the anticipated number of uploaded files and images.

6. Set up a system user and group called ``mattermost`` that will run this service, and set the ownership and permissions.

  a. ``sudo useradd --system --user-group mattermost``
  b. ``sudo chown -R mattermost:mattermost /opt/mattermost``
  c. ``sudo chmod -R g+w /opt/mattermost``

> 7. Set up the database driver in the file ``/opt/mattermost/config/config.json``. Open the file as root in a text editor and make the following changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Set up the database driver in the file ``/opt/mattermost/config/config.json``. Open the file as *root* in a text editor and make the following changes:
```

     ``"postgres://mmuser:<mmuser-password>@<host-name-or-IP>:5432/mattermost?sslmode=disable&connect_timeout=10"``.
  -  If you are using MySQL:
    1.  Set ``"DriverName"`` to ``"mysql"``
    2.  Set ``"DataSource"`` to the following value, replacing ``<mmuser-password>`` and ``<host-name-or-IP>`` with the appropriate values. Also make sure that the database name is ``mattermost`` instead of ``mattermost_test``:
      ``"mmuser:<mmuser-password>@tcp(<host-name-or-IP>:3306)/mattermost?charset=utf8mb4,utf8&readTimeout=30s&writeTimeout=30s"``

8. Also set ``"SiteURL"`` to the full base URL of the site (e.g. ``"https://mattermost.example.com"``).

9. Test the Mattermost server to make sure everything works.

    a. Change to the ``mattermost`` directory:
      ``cd /opt/mattermost``
    b. Start the Mattermost server as the user mattermost:

      ``sudo -u mattermost ./bin/mattermost``

  When the server starts, it shows some log information and the text ``Server is listening on :8065``. You can stop the server by pressing CTRL+C in the terminal window.

> 10. Set up Mattermost to use the systemd init daemon which handles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Set up Mattermost to use the ``systemd init`` daemon which handles
```

>    supervision of the Mattermost process.

Reviewer: This line should be added to the previous one (i.e., a single line sentence without a line break). :)

  a. Create the Mattermost configuration file:

    ``sudo touch /etc/systemd/system/mattermost.service``

>   b. Open the configuration file in your favorite text editor, and copy the following lines into the file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  b. Open the configuration file in a text editor, and copy the following lines into the file:
```

    .. code-block:: none

      [Unit]
      Description=Mattermost
      After=syslog.target network.target postgresql.service

      [Service]
      Type=notify
      WorkingDirectory=/opt/mattermost
      User=mattermost
      ExecStart=/opt/mattermost/bin/mattermost
      PIDFile=/var/spool/mattermost/pid/master.pid
      TimeoutStartSec=3600
      LimitNOFILE=49152

      [Install]
      WantedBy=multi-user.target

    .. note::

>       If you are using MySQL, replace ``postgresql.service`` by ``mysqld.service`` in the ``[unit]`` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If you are using MySQL, replace ``postgresql.service`` with ``mysqld.service`` in the ``[unit]`` section.
```
